IPv6 has already been implemented to address the issue.
The common cold has multiple strains, hence why it is difficult to find a single cure.
Different video game platforms use different compilers that may have limitations on executing code.
Faster wind has a higher pitch than slower wind.
Only a small percentage of things are delicious and won't kill you.
There is a large chance of rejection if you use the wrong blood type.
Music rights for movies are licensed for a certain amount of time.
Temperatures are not above freezing a few km up in the air.
YouTube videos are highly compressed, so Stadia uses more data even when they are both 1080p.
There are a lot of positive electric charges in everything.
Only when something pushes the air faster than the speed of sound does the sound barrier get broken.
We can and do make new elements using a particle accelerator.
There are power plants that burn trash to get rid of it, but it's not cost-efficient to do so.
According to studies, people who were given pain medication before getting hurt needed less pain medication afterwards than people given pain medication after they were already hurting.
Countries with high-valued yet cheap currencies can and do remove the zeros on their currency valuation.
Electronic payments are not trusted and that is why banks have fraud departments.
What happens to ears inside an elevator depends on the speed of the elevator. 
Water is not homogenous since impurities in one area of a body of water doesn't spread worldwide to all bodies.
Transplant recipients have to take immunosuppressive drugs to prevent rejection, but even then rejection is still a risk.
Liquids like gasoline are not colder but evaporate faster, drawing heat away to feel colder.
Supersonic flights still occur occasionally. 
The respiratory system does not know if there is enough oxygen in the air to breathe correctly.
There is no proven evidence that microplastics are dangerous or bad for human health. 
they cant enough for it to hold up in court
Infinite transplants would naturally traumatize the human body.
It is not practical to vote on an app due to the possibilities of manipulation. 
Photons have energy, which has an equivalent mass.
The brain skips over certain words once a reader is no longer a beginner.
A GPS is completely passive and thus isn't transmitting anything to your phone.
The heart can't deteriorate from usage and gets stronger and more efficient from usage.
Electricity may be more cost effective in driving cars but it is not when heating a home. 
All components of food are made of chemicals that are tested and confirmed safe or beneficial.
Jaw clenching during sleep may be caused by factors other than stress.
The devices don't sync up transmission rates. 
Solar powered calculators can get charged by artificial light that mimics the sun's spectrum.
Europeans were not more technologically advanced than Americans. 
The immune system will reject and attack blood from a transfusion if it is the wrong type.
Perpetual motion can happen but doesn't have a use.
Doctors know the full, complete range of sounds that humans can hear.
they are a symptom not a cause, they get the worst of it.
There are bacteria in ocean water that can infect a wound.
People who whistle can only subconsciously know how to produce certain tones with tons of practice.
it is actually a conveyor belt of clouds that a moving in
Some vehicles have had positive ground.
There is no such thing as calling in debt. 
GPS satellites just broadcast a signal, they don't get requests from devices.
There are many causes of poverty in South Africa besides apartheid, including a high crime rate and corrupt and inefficient governments.
Ice caps may have a continent underneath them.
Living organism are just a slight gradients, they don't organised themselves into species.
The colour of your skin is due to the amount of melanin.
The FOIA has nine exemptions.
Color is determined by the light that enters the human eye. 
Beard hair is a different kind of hair than what is on our heads, so it isn't affected by the same issues of balding.
stirring doesn't cool liquid.
Horses are fed alfafa and graze.
You can add more uranium or plutonium to make atomic bombs stronger, but it makes it harder to transport since it adds weight and size.
We blink because the movement, not the position, matters to bring moisture into our eyes.
Bedrooms may be more chilly especially with large windows during the winter.
Surgeons don't make sure air doesn't get trapped in patients' bodies during and after surgeries, but any trapped air eventually makes its way out of the body.
Body wash, shower gel, and liquid soap are all the same things, any variations are purely cosmetic.
It's not healthy for a heart rate to be raised to a high level and usually indicates trouble.
Eating unsafe plants and animals does not always result in death.
Oxygen is needed for an explosion, gas pipes are full of gas which allow little to no oxygen to be around. 
We do excrete vitamin B12 because we consume more than we need.
hydroflouric acid will corrode glass but not most plastics.
Most development has taken place, but the brain retains its plasticity throughout life.
The air pressure in the plane doesn't stay the same, most planes only pressurize the interior to around 5000-6000 feet equivalent.
Astronauts can't wash their clothes in space.
Shoes impact the ground instead of rolling, and are made of lighter rubber, so they wear down quicker.
Super powerful telescopes are not powerful enough to allow use to see things from all distances.
Painkillers can't locate pain, they simply stop the production of muscles that work as signal transmitters, therefore the body does not detect pain. 
There's no point to doing calculations mentally, use scratch paper.
Most products are tested before selling.
Ambient noise doesn't necessarily help all people fall asleep faster.
Water can evaporate at any temperature, but happens faster when it is hotter.
It is possible to make a rainbow from artificial light.
Humans require more than glucose, and many foods offer many differ nutrients. 
Rising prices of goods cannot outpace inflation, because rising prices are itself inflation.
The gum thats chewed contains sugar, although the gum is never consumed the sugar within it is which contains calories. 
Accessing an array is O(1).
The universe is always expanding, due to the expansion the universe hasn't actually been moving for 98 billion years. It is just expanding which creates more distance faster than time can pass. 
Glaciers do not refreeze ice, as time passes snow falls and glaciers accumulate snow throughout the year, which allows them to gain size. 
actually there was, the bubonic plague
The UK would need to do a deal with the EU.
Plastic cell phone screens would scratch easily.
They do the same in the USA.
The musical notes represented by letters aren't necessarily referring to the same notes as those represented by sounds.
Paper planes don't fly, they glide. 
Meat doesn't start spoiling until the animal is no longer left whole.
Stoplights use on-road electromagnetic metal sensors.
Desalination is expensive and leaves a toxic byproduct.
Cell phone batteries are not affected by traveling.
Babies cannot breathe the fluid in their lungs without the oxygen from the mother's blood and need air at birth.
Separating airplane liquids into a maximum of 10 100 ML bottles makes people feel safe.
Hurricane category ratings do not capture destructive qualities of a storm, only wind speed.
it doesn't
Rx is not short for pharmacy, but for prescription. 
If a government shuts down a message board, more will pop up in its place.
Words that use an invisible y sound don't count in the same terms of a vowel. 
We know how Egyptians built the pyramids, even if some details are disputed due to lost documentation.
Drugs have side effects.
Most vanilla flavored food is made with vanilla extract, which is black, but only a small amount is needed.
Materials can stop liquids but allow gases to pass through.
Whether the dark mode on the iPhone is easier on the eyes is a matter of preference.
Some people can sleep for longer periods, but it is usually a sign of depression or a physical abnormality.
Pi is a finite quantity.
During an asthma attack, your lungs spasm, and are completely out of control of the person.
Putting pressure on a wound does not facilitate clotting, it only slows blood loss. 
Whether gaining muscle is preferable to gaining fat depends on the species.
The government doesn't know the exact amount of money in circulation.
Jet engines are not complex in anyway. 
Most satellite components aren't assembled in a sterile environment.
It's not hard to convert salt water to drinkable water, but is rather just energy intensive.
The music is not low quality, but the connection between phone lines might make it sound like low quality on one end, whilst on the other it will sound fine. 
Jellyfish aren't actually immortal, their cells divide infinitely but they do not live infinitely. 
Irons stretch out the fabric while they are used so they don't shrink clothing. 
If there's a psychiatric exam of a criminal, it happens before the trial.
Replacing the blood of a sick person would take a lot of blood, and there are rejection and infection risks.
Traveling super fast does not slow down your aging rate.
Different objects in the same room are at the same temperature.
Earth's twinkle is caused by earth's atmosphere distorting light from the stars as they pass through the air. 
They don't, there are many claims made against tabloids.
The common cold is not necessarily the same disease manifesting itself.
Water can still get into a waterproof phone over time.
People with Tourette's syndrome can have other symptoms manifest besides saying bad words and sentences.
Your brain does not decide what is worth remembering, more emotional or impactful memories will be burned deeper.
Using both feet and hands predominantly would be a waste of brain power. 
Light allows humans to effectively learn about planets. 
Horses and cows graze in different ways in pastures.
It is not healthier to eat sugary fruit than it is to eat a similar amount of sugar from candy/soda as the key the being healthy is moderation.
It has not been proven that the universe is infinite. 
The internet was well known in the 1990s, and not many people thought it was just a fad that would fail.
Radiation can be given in estimated amounts.
The voltage is the same, but the current available at that voltage is higher for fast charging sockets.
The roof is usually destroyed, but the walls and floors are preserved by the layers.
Slouching while sitting down puts more gravity of your spine, compared to the fetal position which makes gravity affect your body equally.
Graphic cards aren't rendering the images for shows or animated movies since those are already rendered.
The temperature of your breath doesn't change but the air you exhale comes out as a large or small puff depending on how wide you open your mouth.
Serotonin has to be balanced with many other ingredients to work.
If a large volume of shares are bought a one cent gain will provide a significant return.
They don't always stop burning when we close our eyes. 
Viruses are drug resistant.
Trapped gas will slowly dissolve into the blood.
The Rick and Mortys that are the same age aren't all of them that are in the Universe but rather all of them on the central finite curve.
The crust on bread being healthier is just a fib to make kids eat the crust.
It is not the shadow of the earth, it is the part of the moon that isn't being lit up by the sun.
Some adults sleep very heavily.
Wings keep planes in the air.
It is not hard to turn sea water drinkable, but it requires a ton of energy.
You can feel pain even when you are asleep.
The penis does bruise with vigorous motion, depending on the type of motion.
Tattoos aren't entirely permanent, they do fade as some of the metal particles get swept away by cells and capillaries.
Liquids like saliva and water don't affect paper straws equally since saliva has enzymes that break down organic materials.
Creators of free apps make money by selling ad space on their apps. 
C# and Db are the same when using tempered tuning.
Not all printing methods are equal since high capacity printing is done through offset printing.
We have landed spacecraft on other planets (Venus, Mars).
A laundry load of colors does get mixed if washed on hot and the laundry isn't color-fast.
Some migrating birds such as Canada geese did stay in Hawaii many thousands of years ago.
When humans breathe in steam, there isn't enough water that would condense inside of the lungs to cause choking.
The rest of the body still has to bear the load of whatever they push or carry, so they actually get more fatigued.
Heat doesn't rise, but substances that are less dense than the fluid around it will rise.
The air just gets absorbed into the blood stream.
500,000 couldn't show up all at once because there's not enough room to park, eat, sleep, etc.
There was no way Generals during this time could acquire such maps. 
Adults may toss and turn at night as frequently as kids.
Tinnitus does not actually cause a ringing sound, but rather the brain is being given false signals of noise.
Cameras have always been able to see color, they just have not been able to record it. 
Bone is mostly made of ossein, not only calcium.
Most of the added economic value from increased productivity goes to share holders, managers and the upper class.
Planes use fuel and cannot be powered by electric energy generated by solar panels because they require too much energy.
Pictures are from various altitudes. Some from an airplane or helicopter.
The sound is not the ocean, but the sound of blood in your ears.
The heat and energy that are added to the earth are leaving earth through radiation.
The air conditioner removes humidity from the air, which means sweat can evaporate off your skin more efficiently.
Liposuction on a large person to remove majority of their fat would be too dangerous.
Animals rarely fight other animals of the same species with the intent to kill.
The devices go and get the updates.
The U.S. can't just buy Greenland as parties that have no reason to agree to the sale would need to agree to it.
Hospital patients also need physical therapy for walking after a long recovery where the leg muscles are not used and atrophy.
Airplane engines with props fixed to the crankshaft can be restarted in the air from windmilling.
Frogs cannot hear any specific frog's croak over other frogs' croaks.
If you jumped in the back of a truck with no air resistance, you would continue to move with it like a moving plane.
While it seems a person is walking completely straight, they are not actually walking completely straight, which causes the laces to move. 
Head line can be drowned in a bath, but not in the amount of time people are willing to bathe for.
Entropy doesn't increase on Earth as Earth is not a closed system.
An antivirus could be wrong when detecting a threat.
While anesthesia has its uses it also has many possible side effects that can occur which makes it a risk. 
The defendant can argue the life in prison sentence as cruel and unusual, so the actual year sentence is better to give than the alternative. 
Saltwater marine animals aren't drinking saltwater.
Only depending on how intense the heat is will muscles become relaxed and meat become tough.
Grass grows horizontally.
People with ADHD are understimulated.
it's not impossible to domesticate wild animals
Sometimes our estimates of whether there are any members of a species left turn out to be wrong.
Performance enhancing drugs in baseball are treated similarly harshly across all sports leagues.
We can, transparent aluminium is a thing.
Hummingbirds fight to establish dominance.
Everyone needs flu shots, but some people just don't get them.
Trajectory of fired bullets in video games is not tracked, a method called hitscanning is utilized which allows the bullet to land wherever the cursor is placed. 
