No plan has been made for the need of additional IP addresses past IPv4.
The common cold is a single type of virus.
Video game platforms compile code the same way.
Cold wind has a higher pitch than warm wind.
Most naturally growing things delight our sense of taste.
There is no risk of rejection with donated blood.
Music rights for movies are secured forever.
Temperatures are above freezing at the region of the sky where hail is supposed to form.
1080p video on YouTube is the same as 1080p video on Stadia.
There are a lot of positive electric charges in the ground.
Anything traveling faster than the speed of sound should break the sound barrier.
We can not make new elements using a particle accelerator.
We aren't able to burn all our trash to get rid of it.
Taking painkillers before getting hurt is not effective.
Countries with high-valued yet cheap currencies can't remove the zeros on their currency valuation.
Electronic payments are universally trusted.
Elevators don't cause ears to be clogged/stuffy. . 
Water is homogenous.
Body parts are always accepted into the new body during a transplant.
Liquids like gasoline are colder than other liquids.
Supersonic flights have been abolished completely. 
The respiratory system knows that there is enough oxygen in the air to breathe correctly.
Microplastics are potentially dangerous. 
detectives can match someones handwriting to a specific person
Infinite transplants wouldn't cause harm to the human body.
It should be possible to vote on a cellular app. 
Photons cannot be measured by mass.
The brain is reading every word it comes across.
A GPS requires transmission to your phone.
The heart can be deteriorated from being used.
Electricity is more cost effective than gas when being used to heat homes, because it is proven to be more cost effective in cars. 
All chemicals are unhealthy.
Jaw clenching during sleep is only caused by stress.
When two devices sync up on the internet, they meet each others transmission rates. 
Solar powered calculators only get charged by sunlight.
Europeans were much more technologically advanced than Americans. 
The immune system does not reject and attack blood from blood transfusions.
Perpetual motion can't happen.
Doctors do not know all of the sounds that humans can hear.
toes are important to body temperature
Something keeps oceans and seas from spreading viruses and many other contagious illnesses.
People who whistle generally subconsciously know how to produce certain tones.
able to control the amount so the drizzle is constant
All cars are grounded to the negative terminal on the battery.
A country can call in debt from another country. 
The workload of a GPS satellite increases as the number of users increases.
Apartheid is the cause of poverty in South Africa.
Ice caps are made of only ice.
Creatures organise themselves into species rather than just slight gradients.
The colour of your skin is due to the amount of melatonin.
Federal agencies must disclose any information requested under the FOIA.
Color is displayed by light that is reflected off different materials and objects. 
Beard hair is the same as head hair.
stirring liquid decreases the temperature
Horses only eat straw.
You can't add more uranium or plutonium to make atomic bombs stronger.
We blink because we need to close our eyes from time to time.
Your entire house is at room temperature.
Surgeons make sure air doesn't get trapped in patients' bodies during and after surgeries.
There is a difference between shower gel and normal body soap.
It's healthy for a heart rate to be raised to a high level.
Eating unsafe plants and animals always results in death.
Structure fires should create a chain reaction that leads back to the source due to the gas lines attached. 
We do not excrete vitamin B12.
corrosive substances get sored in glass containers
The brain stops developing after the mid-20's.
The air pressure in the plane always stays the same.
Astronauts can wash their clothes in space.
Shoes should last as long as tires since they are both rubber.
Super powerful telescopes allow us to see things from all distances.
Painkillers know how to locate pain. 
Large multiplication problems can be calculated mentally.
Most products aren't tested before selling.
Ambient noise helps people fall asleep faster.
Water evaporates at 100 degrees Celsius.
Rainbows are only formed by the sun, not artifical light.
All foods are converted into the same source of energy, therefore it does not matter what is consumed by humans. 
Rising prices of goods can outpace inflation.
Gum should not contain calories if humans don't actually consume it. 
Accessing an array is O(n).
The universe is the size of 98 billion light years but is only 13.8 billion light years, which is impossible. 
Glaciers freeze the ice that has melted off previously to regain size. 
not a similar disease that wiped out europeans
The UK could leave the EU without a deal.
Plastic cell phone screens would be more durable.
Only UK houses use timber joists and floorboards for upper floors instead of concrete.
The musical notes represented by letters and sounds are referring to the same notes.
Paper planes have the capability to fly. 
Meat starts spoiling the second the animal is killed.
Stoplights use on-road weight sensors.
It is feasible to do desalination on a large scale.
Cell phone batteries drain faster when traveling.
Babies can breathe the fluid in their lungs at birth.
Separating airplane liquids into a maximum of 10 100 ML bottles doesn't provide safety.
Hurricane category ratings capture the destructiveness of a storm.
organ differentiates between newer food and older food
Rx is short for pharmacy. 
Governments have the power to shut down message boards.
All words that start with a vowel must use an an before them. 
We don't know how the Egyptians built the pyramids.
Drugs are designed to target an ailment exactly, with no side effects.
Vanilla flavored food has a lot of vanilla bean.
Material that blocks water will also block gas.
The dark mode on the iPhone is easier on the eyes.
We can't sleep longer periods of time.
Pi is infinite.
You are in control of your lungs during an asthma attack.
Putting pressure on a wound facilitates clotting. 
Gaining muscle is preferable to gaining fat.
A government knows the exact amount of physical money at any point in circulation.
Plane engined are complex. 
Satellite components need to be assembled in a sterile environment.
It's very hard to convert salt water to drinkable water.
Hold music on the phone is low quality. 
Jellyfish are immortal. 
If the heat of water can shrink clothes, then the heat of an iron should be able to shrink them too. 
If there's a psychiatric exam of a criminal, it happens after conviction.
It is practical to replace the blood of a sick person to cure them.
Traveling super fast slows down your aging rate.
Different objects in the same room aren't the same temperature.
Earth reflecting a star's light causes earth to twinkle.
Tabloids avoid being libelous.
The common cold is one type of disease.
A waterproof phone means water doesn't get in.
People with Tourette's syndrome say bad words and sentences.
Your brain decides what's worth remembering.
Humans should be able to use both hands and feet predominantly. 
Because we only have images of planets, it should be difficult to learn any information about it. 
Horses and cows graze in the same manner in pasture or enclosure.
It is healthier to eat sugary fruit than it is to eat a similar amount of sugar from candy/soda.
Due to the internet being infinite, there should not be finite energy or matter. 
Everyone in the 1990s thought the internet was just a fad that would fail.
Radiation can be given in random dosages.
Fast charging sockets have the same output as regular sockets.
Ancient structures would be destroyed by the buildup of debris that cover them over the years.
The fetal position and slouching while sitting down affects the spine the same way.
Graphic cards are rendering the images for shows or animated movies.
Your breath changes temperature depending on how you shape your mouth while exhaling.
Serotonin makes us happy.
There is no point in buying a stock that will only rise 1 cent.
After getting soap in your eyes, the burning stops when you close your eyes.
Viruses can be treated with medication.
Air trapped in the body from surgery will cause issues.
All of the Rick and Mortys in the Rick and Morty Universe are the same age.
The crust on bread is healthier than the bread itself.
The earth's shadow on the moon the same color as the sky.
Adults don't sleep as heavily as kids.
Jet engines keep planes in the air.
It is hard to turn sea water drinkable.
We don't feel pain when we're asleep.
The penis doesn't bruise with vigorous motion.
Tattoos are permanent.
Liquids like saliva and water affect paper straws equally.
It is improbable that creators of free apps are making money from their apps. 
C# and Db are not the same.
Home printing methods are substantially the same as commercial newspaper companies' printing methods.
We have not landed on other planets.
A laundry load of colors doesn't get mixed.
All migrating birds do not stay in the south in the summer.
When humans breathe in steam, enough water condenses inside of the lungs to cause choking.
Amputees with bionic appendages get less fatigued since their appendages are not living.
Heat rises
The air that gets into an open wound during surgery is removed.
 500,000 people could show up at area 51.
Generals within the Civil War had accurate maps of elevation, roads, and other areas. 
Kids toss and turn at night more frequently than adults.
Tinnitus causes a ringing sound.
Cameras can not see in color. 
Bone is mostly made of calcium.
If productivity has been increasing for decades, then people should only need to work 2 or 3 days.
Planes can be powered by electric energy generated by solar panels.
google earth has sharp images despite satellites being so high up.
You can hear the ocean inside of seashells.
The heat and energy that are added to the earth are staying on earth.
65 degrees with AC on or off should feel the same.
It should be possible to use liposuction to make a large individual thin.
Animals fight other animals of the same species with the intent to kill.
Software/game updates are distributed to every device.
The U.S. can buy Greenland.
Hospital patients need physical therapy to walk again because they get damaged in the leg or spine.
Airplane engines with inertial starters can't be restarted in the air from windmilling.
Frogs are able to hear each other over other frogs' croaks.
If you jumped into a moving car, you wouldn't continue to move with it like you would a moving plane.
If a person is walking straight, the laces of a hoodie should follow the same movement. 
Head lice cannot be drowned in a bath.
Entropy increases on Earth.
All threats detected by an antivirus and malicious.
Anesthesia would be very useful for tasks that are slightly painful. 
It does not make sense to sentence a person to 150 years in prison if they can't live that long anyways, prosecutors should use the life in prison sentence instead. 
Saltwater marine animals are drinking the saltwater.
Heat that relaxes muscles makes meat tense up.
Grass grows vertically.
People with ADHD are overstimulated.
some animals cannot be domesticated
We can truly verify whether or not a species is extinct.
Performance enhancing drugs in baseball are treated much more harshly than in other sports.
We can't make transparent metal.
Hummingbirds don't physically fight.
Americans need flu shots but eastern Europeans don't.
Trajectory of fired bullets in video games are tracked. 
